Thank you Mr. Oriental
I will definitely pay this money back.
This is the long string we bought.
The four levels of Jedi training are given to you.
You don't have to be polite.
If you hadn't saved me in the dungeon...
Now I live or die.
Then I am not welcome.
Later there was a story about a dove flying to spread the book.
Then don't be here anymore.
Eastern Leadership
Thank you for hosting Master Dong Phuong today.
Can I have something to do later?
I didn't expect you to sell out so quickly.
Very potential.
So...
About joining a magic sect.
This, take it easy.
This requires process.
The new person is very knowledgeable.
She teaches very well.
For the sake of your understanding
You will bring this letter to the magic sect headquarters to attend some training first.
Feel the culture of the magic sect
Thank you very much.
If there is nothing then go quickly.
Oh, there's that old lady again.
I have to go do some good work.
Go home.
You are highly knowledgeable.
Obviously good silver.
Haven't you heard a word?
The rich man
No money is difficult.
Pham Hien said.
I know.
This is not a real door stop.
I am the owner.
How much does it cost?
So next we will kill the Demon Cult.
But before we go, we have to pretend.
When people turn real.
If anyone inside knows me, it will be exposed.